Anyone can go
as Frankenstein.
I wanna go as the man
who dared to defy God
and create Frankenstein.
He's the real monster.
Perfectly normal,
perfectly healthy.
I don't understand.
If Dave's going
trick-or-treating
with Stuart,
why can't he just
stay over there?
Why do I have to babysit?
Dave can't stay
with Stuart.
His grandfather
lives with him,
and sometimes he bites.
You know what else bites?
This.
I'm helping Kendra
set up for her party,
and then
I just have to leave?
You can go back when
we come home from our party.
We won't be long.
Your father tires very easily.
Look, if you're gonna give us
a big, steaming bowl of 'tude,
maybe I won't
let you borrow Gary.
But I already
told Kendra
she could use him
for decoration.
The theme of the party
is ghosts and monsters,
and dead people
and stuff.
So the theme
is Halloween.
Okay, you can borrow
Gary, but be careful.
My parents gave him to me when
I graduated from med school.
Dad, you know
how responsible I am.
I know exactly
how responsible you are,
which is why I'm worried.
(CHUCKLES)
Nothing? Really?
Have him back home
by midnight, all right?
And don't give him
anything to drink.
It literally goes
right through him.
Funny as never, Dad.
I'm surprised you guys
celebrate Halloween, anyway.
Grandma said dad
proposed on Halloween
and messed it up so bad,
he and mom almost broke up.
That's not what happened.
She also said that
would have been better,
because then, mom
could've married
Billy Tanaka, who's rich...
Okay. Thank you, Molly.
Super-constructive.
Then what did happen?
Okay, fine.
It was 1995.
Your mom and I had
been dating for a while,
and I was dressed as
America's sexiest judge,
Lance Ito.
I was still a med student,
and I didn't have much money.
Do you have money now?
'Cause I feel like
I don't have a lot of stuff.
Okay, let me
finish my story.
Anyway, I wanted it
to be special,
so I took your mom
to Captain Spooky's
Halloween carnival.
ALLISON: He knew
I've always loved Halloween,
and I was dressed in a way
that inspired
your dad's favorite joke.
What? No costume?
(BOTH LAUGH)
Ken, you're the
total package.
Smart, funny,
and you have this
mischievous elf-like quality
that I find very sexy.
Ew!
Anyway, I worked
up my courage
and got down
on one knee.
Allison, the verdict is in.
We're really
good together.
You are so right.
Hey, we should
get married.
Why are you kneeling?
I was about to propose.
Oh, my God.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
It's too late.
You ruined it.
I didn't ruin it.
Shya!
I've been planning
this for weeks,
and you spoiled it with
one careless mouth fart.
"Mouth fart"?
I apologized, you jerk.
Oh, I'm the jerk?
When you ruined everything?
Hey, hey. Whoa, whoa.
Are you proposing?
I was trying to.
Hey!
How about a picture
for old Captain Spooky?
Arr, arr!
They're making me
something called a website.
(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS)
Oh, my God.
That sounds so awkward,
like something
from a movie.
Not a good movie.
One of those crappy ones
mom watches while
she eats chocolate.
Well, we got
engaged anyway.
So we have a bad
proposal story.
But we always
said one day,
we'd look back
at it and laugh.
(LAUGHS)
And that day's
not today.
Okay, Mr. Stanovich,
I'll see you real soon.
Oh, for your follow-up visit,
not, you know, your dirt nap.
Wow, Dr. Park.
That's some costume.
Yeah, maybe next year,
you could come as something
more appropriate for a doctor.
Like, literally anything.
Whatever. At least
my costume makes sense.
What are you
supposed to be?
Duh. I'm Bumble Beyonce.
You don't know.
You don't know Beyonce.
So, what's, uh,
this whole...mess?
I'm Khaleesi from
Game Of Thrones.
Oh.
I'm Pat, an adult,
from this professional
place of business.
Oh, may I?
Uh, sure.
Ah.
Um, Pat.
Remember when I told you
the coffee maker was
broken in the lounge?
Mmm-hmm.
Well, it's worse now.
When you push "brew",
fire comes out.
My advice?
Don't push "brew".
Hey, what's up?
He is not in
the Halloween spirit.
Halloween's stupid, anyway.
All right,
what's the matter?
We finally told the kids
about how I proposed
to Allison on Halloween.
You proposed
on Halloween?
That is so sweet
and original.
No? Why?
It wasn't good?
He slit her throat?
No. This means "stop!"
This means "stop."
You would be a
terrifying crossing guard.
Anyway...
For 20 years, we've had
to tell that crappy story,
and I'm sick of it.
She deserves a better one.
So do it over.
Oh, sure. I'll just
jump in my time machine.
Hey, maybe while
I'm back there,
I'll give the Menendez
parents a heads-up.
No, I mean,
like, re-propose.
That's totally a thing.
(SNAPS FINGERS)
You're right.
That is a thing.
You know what?
I'm gonna re-propose to her.
Oh, you know
what you should do?
Skywriting.
(GASPS) Great idea, because
nothing says, "I love you
but hate the environment",
like skywriting.
You know what?
It's Halloween.
I bet I could do it exactly
the way I first planned it
and she would love that.
I wonder if Captain Spooky's
carnival is still around.
Oh, yeah.
It's still there.
Even after that thing
with the masked fondler
in the hay-bale maze?
That was three years ago,
and they caught that lady.
This is great.
We're supposed to go
to a party, but instead,
I'll take her back there
and surprise her.
I'm even gonna
get her a new ring.
When we got married,
all I could afford
was the heirloom
I bought from my grandmother.
You bought it from
your grandmother?
Yeah, and I did not
get a good deal.
After tonight,
we're gonna have a story
that everyone likes to tell.
(CHUCKLES)
Take me! Please?
Yeah, maybe this isn't
the best costume.
Damona.
DAMONA: Huh?
I have a major problem.
Are you the one who dropped
her lipstick in the toilet?
Leave it, girl.
Just leave it.
No! I gave Pat
a fentanyl lollipop.
You gave him
a super-high-grade narcotic?
By accident!
Oh!
A drug rep gave
me these samples
for patients who
can't swallow pills,
and I was distracted,
and Pat took one off my desk.
Oh, no! Oh, no!
Okay, okay! Stop!
Calm down.
You know what you need?
No!
Okay!
For all we know,
he didn't even
eat that thing.
Hey, everybody!
Everybody!
Every...bo...dy!
He ate that thing.
Mmm-hmm.
Oh, God.
I dosed my boss.
Mmm-hmm.
Hey, Ju...lie.
Do you remember that
lollipop you gave me?
Uh-huh.
Well, I just wanted
to say thank you.
Those things are
scrumdiddlyumptious!
(LAUGHS)
I didn't even know
I knew that word!
Oh! Allison is
gonna love it!
I know.
This re-proposal's
gonna make my original
proposal its bitch.
Sorry. I'm having
trouble with your card.
Uh, I'll try it again.
(CELLPHONE RINGS)
(WHISPERS) Oh, Allison.
Oh.
Hello, my dear.
Ken, are you shopping?
No, I'm at work.
Paging Dr. Ken.
Dr. Kendrick Park...
What's up?
Well, the credit card
company called.
Someone's trying to use
our card at a jewelry store.
A jewelry store?
(CHUCKLES)
(LAUGHS)
A jewelry store.
I tell you, everyone
here at the HMO
where I currently am
is wondering why I keep
saying "a jewelry store."
Okay, I guess
I'll just cancel the card.
Oh, no, no, no.
I'll take care of it.
Okay, but I need you
to actually take care of it.
Why wouldn't I?
Because you didn't actually
take care of our taxes
or our mortgage payment,
or the life insurance.
Okay, the life-insurance
thing would have
been a big deal
had one of us died,
but we didn't.
You always ignore
the financial stuff,
and it always falls on me.
Yeah, well, you know,
I'm really busy at work.
Oh. (LAUGHS)
Here we go.
I work, too, Ken.
I was with a patient
when the credit-card
company called.
I'm sorry. It's not
like one of your
patients is gonna die
if you answer your phone.
Oh, and someone's
gonna die if you
answer the phone? Please.
It's family medicine,
not the ER.
The most serious thing
you've dealt with
is an ingrown toenail.
First of all,
you know
that's not true.
And second of all,
that toenail was jacked up!
Whatever.
"Whatever" to you!
Forget it.
I wouldn't re-propose
to that chardonnay-crazed
bog witch
in a million years!
I should just tell
Pat what happened
and take
the consequences.
Are you crazy?
You dosed your boss
without his consent,
and now he is
spinning in a chair!
No, there is
only one thing to do here.
Hey, Pat.
Pat, Pat, Pat.
You know how we need
one of those coffee
makers in the lounge?
Wouldn't it be nice
to have a fancy one
that made lattes
and stuff?
Yes! That would be nice.
I love lattes.
We should totally do that.
Carry on!
And that's how
you do that.
(PANTING)
Clark.
What are you doing here?
I need to talk to you.
If you're ready to discuss
that imaginary friend
you had in college,
you have to make
an appointment.
You know what?
I don't think it's gonna be
productive to talk about Keith
until he is willing
to come in with me.
It's about Ken.
What is it?
That fraud alert
you got earlier?
It was him.
Oh, God!
Look, you can't
know any of this,
but he was out buying
you a new engagement ring
as part of this
super-romantic re-proposal
that he was
planning for tonight.
(CHUCKLING)
Oh, that is so sweet!
That doesn't sound
like Ken at all.
I know. Right?
Wait. what do you mean
he was planning?
Well, then you guys
got into that fight,
and his face turned the color
of an angry Wyoming sunset,
and then I tried on
a pair of earrings
that were stunning
but weren't me.
And now he doesn't even
wanna do it anymore.
Oh, no!
He was trying to be romantic,
and I ruined it!
Mmm-hmm.
Just like I ruined
his first proposal!
Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm.
(GASPS)
I'm becoming the evil
wife who ruins things,
just like in that movie
I watched last week
while I was
eating chocolate.
(GROANS)
I got to fix this.
Good luck.
Oh, now you show up.
Classic Keith.
Hey, you guys are doing
great work out there!
Hey! Do you like rush?
Do you like rush!
This drum solo is sick.
I mean, you know,
good sick, not sick sick.
Although, if it was
sick sick, I'm sure you
guys could heal it.
'Cause you're doing
great work out there!
(BOTH LAUGH)
This is amazing!
What should we
ask him for next?
Oh! Oh, okay!
How about casual Fridays?
No, no, no, no.
Ultra-casual Fridays.
I'm talking
sweatpants and no bra.
(LAUGHS)
Let these puppies play.
Whoo!
Oh.
Whoa. Where's Pat?
He was just right there.
No. No. No.
No! No! Pat?
You said you'd keep
an eye on him.
No, no, no! You said
you'd keep an eye on him.
You were freaking out so much,
I had to keep an eye on you!
Well, you didn't do
a very good job,
because you let me
let him escape!
(THUD)
Oh!
Hey.
I slammed my
hand in the door.
Check it out.
DAMONA: Oh! Snap!
That's not how
it's supposed to be, right?
Oh, no. Pat, man.
Is it weird
I don't feel anything?
JULIA: Yep. Oh, boy.
Don't play with it.
Oh, Pat!
(DOOR OPENS)
Oh, hey, Molly.
You went
trick-or-treating, too?
That looks like
a rich harvest.
No.
It's Gary!
(GASPS)
Dad is gonna be so mad!
He loves Gary!
It wasn't my fault.
I was driving with him.
I stopped short, and he
wasn't wearing his seatbelt.
Man, you are so dead.
I know.
Dad is gonna
ground me forever.
Or until I die
from lecture poisoning.
Hey, guys.
What's that?
Nothing.
It's my period stuff!
Ew!
Okay. Ah!
I could have accidentally
seen something.
Wife.
Hi, honey.
I'm all ready
for the party.
But what about our fight?
Insults were lobbed.
"Whatevers" were hurled.
Angry texts were written
and then wisely deleted.
Let's just move past it.
It's Halloween.
I've been standing here
dressed as a witch
for almost a minute,
and you haven't said...
"What? No costume?"
(LAUGHS)
Oh, come on!
(SIGHS) All right,
I'm sorry about earlier.
But you were right.
I do work fewer
hours than you,
and it makes sense
for me to handle
the bills and stuff, okay?
Come on.
Now, go throw
on that sexy grim
reaper costume,
and let's do our
Halloween as planned.
Yeah, 'cause I love you,
and there's no
reason for anyone
not to do what they were
planning on doing tonight.
I'm sorry. I just had to say
something. (CHUCKLES)
I feel like this is
a big step in our marriage,
'cause you never admit
when you're wrong.
So this is
progress for you.
Yep. (CHUCKLES)
So, get dressed.
You know, stop talking
for a little bit.
Grab your death stick.
No, no. This is a real
teachable moment for you.
Some mistakes...
Go!
I don't wanna be late.
(CHUCKLES)
Kneecap.
Pliers.
Yum-yum.
Do we really have to do
this whole surgery routine?
The way our costumes line up,
we'd be fools not to.
Fine.
Let's just finish this.
Shinbone.
(GASPS)
It's not in here!
Dad's gonna kill us!
What do you mean "us"?
You're the one
who broke Gary.
But you helped me
cover it up.
Like it or not, your scent
is all over this now, Dave.
Oh, no!
Wait. The Kramers have
a Halloween skeleton
on their porch.
We can just take
one of its shinbones.
That'll work, right?
It better.
I just got all this candy.
I have so much to lose!
Oh, this place
hasn't changed much.
Ah. I see they
added a scarecrow.
Oh, no, that's
just the meth-head
that unloads
the pumpkins.
Cider-keep,
one cup for my lady, please,
for old times' sake.
Oh, crap.
I left my wallet
in my car.
Do you mind paying?
Sure.
Wow.
Just hours ago,
something like
that could have
really set you off.
(CHUCKLING) Okay.
But you realized
you were wrong.
Sure did.
And you took
the necessary steps
to make it right.
Good for you.
That's it.
I take back my apology.
You do dump all
the money stuff on me,
even though I work
every bit as much as you do.
What?
But you just said...
I know what I just said!
I was just trying
to patch things up
so you'd still do
your re-proposal thing.
Wait. You knew about this?
That totally ruins it!
What is it with you?
It's like
your hatred of proposals
is rivaled only by
your love of ruining.
I'm not trying
to ruin anything!
You're the one
who couldn't
accept my apology
without gloating
like an idiot.
Your false apology!
Or, as they call it
in Germany,
"A Portuguese I'm sorry"!
Just do it so
we can go home.
Fine.
I found my speech
from 20 years ago.
Super.
There was also
supposed to be a ring,
but I think we know
how that played out.
"Allison, the verdict is in.
We're really good together."
Not gonna jump in here?
Because this is
where you
ruined the first one.
Hurry up.
There's a box of
chardonnay in the fridge
I actually do wanna spend
the rest of my life with.
Hey! I recognize you two.
You proposed here.
You remember that?
Sure. The carnival doesn't
get a lot of proposals.
Yeah.
I put one of the
polaroids I took of you
on the bulletin board,
next to the picture
of the guy
that keeps trying to
have sex with the pumpkins.
20 years. Wow.
So? How did it go?
Good. You know,
we got married.
Both graduated
and got jobs.
Bought a house,
had two kids.
Beautiful kids.
Well, sounds like
it went pretty good.
Yeah.
I guess it did.
Well, that's good.
I love a story
with a happy ending.
I also love stories
with robots.
Hey, let me take a picture,
like I did 20 years ago.
You know what? I think
I got a better pose for you.
Allison...
I always knew
I loved you,
(VOICE BREAKING) but I had
no idea how amazing it'd be
to build a family
and a life with you.
(SNIFFLES)
But I do now.
And I love you
more than ever.
So, will you marry me...
Again?
I will.
(APPLAUDING)
Hey, buddy, I couldn't
get my flash to work.
You mind
doing that again?
Who can figure these out?
So, we acted out the
proposal two more times
while Captain Spooky
messed with his phone.
Eventually, we just
took a selfie with ours.
Aww!
And now we have
a proposal story
that we both like to tell.
Oh, hey, look. There's
a scarecrow in the background.
Yep. That's a scarecrow.
Mmm-hmm.
Cool. Well, things
were boring
and uneventful here.
So... Now that
you're home,
I'm gonna head
over to Kendra's.
Okay. Be home by 12:00.
And bedtime for you.
I'll lie down, but with
all the sugar in my veins,
we both know
it's just a charade.
Oh, hey,
I thought you took Gary
over to Kendra's
for the party.
Oh, yeah.
I was gonna, but I know
how valuable he is to you,
and I just didn't
wanna risk anything.
You know what, Molly?
Sometimes, we don't
give you enough credit
for being responsible.
You don't. But thanks.
(SIGHS)
Molly!
Pat! What happened
to your hand?
I don't know!
Damona?
Who said you could come
to work in sweatpants?
You did, yesterday.
Well, then
I guess it's okay.
(GROANS)
Son of a biscuit! Ah!
All right, everybody
works through lunch.
I miss fun Pat.
Yeah, I do, too,
but I have a feeling
his legacy is
going to live on.
What's that?
Well, yesterday,
I had him sign
30 blank request forms.
I want an electric stapler.
(CHUCKLES)
Ooh! And some
kind of device
that keeps lipstick
out of the toilet.
I'm gonna mark
that one "urgent."
No, I don't know what's
going on, either, Keith.